Mark SubscribeToContentServiceSavingComposer with IUserComposer (#1976)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Implementation/Composing/index.md

> It's an implementation of IUserComposer, that provides a quicker way to add a custom Component to the Component's collection. Creating a C# class that inherits from ComponentComposer&lt;YourComponentType&gt; will automatically add YourComponentType to the collection of Components. In the example above, the SubscribeToContentServiceSavingComposer for the SubscribeToContentServiceSavingComponent could have been written more conveniently as:

Reviewer: ComponentComposer is not an implementation of IUserComposer, it's an implementation of IComposer

> It's an implementation of IUserComposer, that provides a quicker way to add a custom Component to the Component's collection. Creating a C# class that inherits from ComponentComposer&lt;YourComponentType&gt; will automatically add YourComponentType to the collection of Components. In the example above, the SubscribeToContentServiceSavingComposer for the SubscribeToContentServiceSavingComponent could have been written more conveniently as:

Author: Good catch @Jeavon!

```suggestion
It's an implementation of `IComposer`, that provides a quicker way to add a custom component to the Component's collection. Creating a C# class that inherits from `ComponentComposer<YourComponentType>` will automatically add `YourComponentType` to the collection of Components. In the example above, the `SubscribeToContentServiceSavingComposer` for the `SubscribeToContentServiceSavingComponent` could have been written more conveniently as:
```
